Added missing YAML docs for Build with Static Configuration docs. Fixes #1735. (#1736)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: installation/sources/build-with-static-configuration.md

> As an example, create a new `fluent-bit.conf` file with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, create a new configuration file with the following
```
